fix: CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_PATH_TEMPLATE placeholder (#25531)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue in Electron where devtools gets out of sync with the DOM occasionally. Addresses [#15932](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/15932).
- Updated the Chromium renderer process crash message to be more terse. Addressed in [#26597](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26597).

> - Fixed an issue in CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_PATH_TEMPLATE regex. Addressed in [#23670](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23670).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with `CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_PATH_TEMPLATE` regex to allow multiple replacements. Addresses [#23670](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23670).
```
